---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-23T22:21:46.060Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-23T22:21:33.057Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-23-5ed6bc6d-5103-472b-8dce-a76f1e00a8c0.md
published: true
url: 5ed6bc6d-5103-472b-8dce-a76f1e00a8c0/index.html
_type: Article

---
You are here so that you can grow. We are so proud of you for picking up multiple jobs, and showing us that you know how to work hard and diligently. Yet, we are still concerned for your future. As Sylvia Tarnecharniu once shared, "your home reflects your heart."  We would like to see you grow to become a better housekeeper, but we can only do it with your help!

****

Starting February 1, 2016 we are going to require rent from you. The form of rent is your choice.

Either way you will be better prepared for growing up and handling responsibility. It is better to learn today, than to struggle with it tomorrow.

****

Option \#1

Rent - $250 monthly

****

Option \#2

1. Have your space beautifully cleaned and ready for the new week. We will check it weekly on Saturday night.

  1. Every week it is not clean will cost you $75\. Our home is supposed to be honoring to God.

2. Read 1 book per month from our library.

****

An essay of what you have learned from the book will be required by the first of the next month. The essay may be written by hand or typed in an email. The essay must be at least one paragraph.We must have some notes to prove that you read and absorbed the book. Underlining or small notes will be fine.

****

Remember: "Never let yesterday use up too much of today." - Will Rogers

If you start habits of "putting-away right away" or "cleaning-up right then", when Saturday rolls around your cleanup will be minimal.  

****